The graphic by Jia You is showing the decrease in people affected by various diseases when a vaccine was introduced (orange circle). It uses the size of circles to represent the mean annual cases reported, while using a transparency to emphasize the time when there were many cases during consecutive years. The graphic is extremely informative, but if the main point is to show the difference made by the use of vaccines, it can be simplified.


Plot1

My first figure would have the caption, "Mean annual reported cases of measles in the United States from 1945 to 2019, and the vaccination rate since 1963". This figure is meant to show the mirrored trend of infected people before and after a vaccine was introduced, which is why I chose to have the secondary axis reversed. I also made the axis text and gridlines match that of the corresponding data. I think area or density plots are a good geometry to use because it resembles the count of cases or distribution over time, especially with so many data points where the exact value is not important (why I did not choose histogram). This graph answers the question slightly better because it includes the vaccination rate which is variable over the years, insisting that years of higher vaccination rates were followed by lowered cases. It also shows that with around 92% vaccination rate, there are nearly no cases left, which may be related to herd immunity. A tradeoff is that the cases during recent years are not observable, but there definitely are outbreaks in the US with the recent vaccine fears. Note that I made up the data from 1945 to 1980, as I scoured the internet for this data, but to no avail. The source of the other vaccination rates is provided in the data file. 


Plot 2

The second figure would have the caption, "Mean annual cases reported before and after the development of vaccines for various infectious diseases in the United States". It shows the drastic decrease in cases after the vaccine was distributed for all these diseases. Since the year of when the vaccine was introduced is not important to the question, I decided to group them by the time of the vaccine development. I thought side-by-side bar graphs would be suitable because it is easier to compare the number of cases for each disease before and after the vaccine. It is better than having 2 groups (pre and post), where it is coloured by the disease because 8 colours can be difficult to differentiate, best to keep it less than 8. Even though there are fewer cases after the vaccine, which can be hard to see, I chose not to use a log base 10 scale since bar graphs are not suitable for that. This linear scale also shows the drastic difference. However, this would still be a trad-off since some diseases still have cases post-vaccines, but the scale is too large with the counts from measles, and the cases also being reported in the thousands. I made the order by increasing cases because that makes more sense than alphabetically ordered. I also rearranged the legend and bars because 'Pre and Post' or 'Before and After' are annoyingly not ordered from left to right with Pre and Before being the on the left side, typically used to represent earlier dates. So I had to order it so that the Pre or red bars would show on the left side. Note that the mean of the pre- and the post-vaccine cases both included the number of cases during the year the vaccine came out. I did this because I assume the distribution of the vaccine began at varying times throughout the year and this would be the more conservative value. 
